hi my name is Bill Kieffer I am cop to
cook and I approve this message
hi my name is Bill Kieffer I am a former
United States marshal and I am come to
cook and take a look at my chef's coat
it is a beautiful chef's coat univer
cop to cook on ebay shop on eBay
it is warehouse uniforms and embroidery
warehouse uniforms and embroidery is on
eBay and this one uniform store.com
that's one uniform store.com
but check them out when you check on
eBay look for a chef's coat and be sure
to buy at warehouse uniforms and
embroidery they've got the nicest chefs
coats got the nicest price free shipping
be there my bill Kieffer Captain Cook
and I approve of this message
hi my name is Bill Kieffer and I am cop
to cook I just wanna let you know that I
just bought a lovely chef's coat it has
the knot buttons I happen to choose the
black chef's jacket comes in all sizes
and it is just a wonderful deal 2498 I
tell you you don't find anything this
nice for $125 and free shipping and your
free name on it so I even had a cop to
cook placed in white lettering on my
black chef's coat and this is one of the
best cause I have I would expect to pay
you know over a hundred dollars for a
coat chef's coat this nice feel the
material it is beautiful material I love
wearing it it fits on me nice it is a 7
ounce 65/35 poly cotton twill front and
sleeve pockets not buttons that are
really really cool it's a relaxed fit
and I'll tell you what I have this
jacket I love it just got it today so
check them out at warehouse uniform and
embroidery their website is ww1 uniform
store.com to get on ebay look for chef
coats and buy yours buy one or two or
three they're inexpensive and they look
beautiful they wear beautiful they are
beautiful in my opinion warehouse
uniform embroidery is the bottle bill
Kiefer copy to cook until next time bye
and the Indian that's all folks